Dart: Up and Running
=============

This is the book "Dart: Up and Running" by Kathy Walrath and Seth Ladd.
More info: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920025719.do

An HTML version of this book is online at
http://www.dartlang.org/docs/dart-up-and-running/.

The .xml files are not yet updated automatically from the O'Reilly repo, but they're fairly up-to-date.

The code/ directory is up-to-date but incomplete.

Updating the dartlang.org copy of this book
------------------
Basically, you get the dartlang.org project, and you run `make book`.
See https://github.com/dart-lang/dartlang.org#readme for details.

Project structure
---------------------

**code/:**
	Code samples used in the book. We want this to be automatically checked
	against or included in the XML files, but we're not there yet. We also
	want this code to be automatically tested.

**figs/:**
	Figures and images.

**README.md:**
	This file.

**\*.xml:** 
	Book contents. **book.xml** is the entry point for the book, from an
	XML point of view.

Additional info about the **old** branch
---------------------

**Makefile:**
	Used to run doc-code-merge and to test the code.

**merged/:**
	doc-code-merge merges the documentation in xml/ and the code in code/
	to create this directory. It is autogenerated, so do not modify it!

**xml/:**
	The DocBook source for the book.


OLD: Using the Makefile
------------------

Install the Dart Editor (or Dart SDK).

Define DART_SDK, perhaps in your ~/.bashrc. Be sure to fill in the "..." with
the actual place you put it:

	export DART_SDK=.../dart-sdk
	export PATH=$PATH:$DART_SDK/bin

Checkout a copy of doc-code-merge:

	git clone git@github.com:dart-lang/doc-code-merge.git
	cd doc-code-merge
	pub install

Make sure you put that in your PATH as well, perhaps in your ~/.bashrc. Be
sure to fill in the "..." with the actual place you downloaded doc-code-merge:

	export PATH=$PATH:.../doc-code-merge

Install packages:

  cd .../doc-code-merge
  pub install

Now, just run make from your SVN directory:

	make

Watch the output carefully for errors. Unfortunately, there are cases where it
will print an error but not stop processing.
